Bug fixes from review (#3)
node-red/node-red-dev-cli: docs/P04.md

# Naming

## Requirements

> New pacakges published to npm after 1st December 2021 should use a scoped name, they may then use any value in their pacakge name eg `@devname/acme-node-red`

Reviewer: I remain on the fence about this. Certainly not sure we're at a point to put a date on this. Needs discussion and consensus with the dev community.

```suggestion
New packages published to npm after 1st December 2021 should use a scoped name, they may then use any value in their package name eg `@devname/acme-node-red`
```

Packages first published before this date can use unscoped names, however where the package name starts with `node-red` (or `nodered` then it MUST use `node-red-contrib`

The following names would be allowed:
`node-red-contrib-acme`
`nodered-contrib-acme`
`acme-nodered`

The following would not be allowed:
`node-red-acme`
`nodered-acme`

## Reason
Initially the contrib formatting was used to distinguish 3rd party nodes from core nodes created by the project.
As the number of nodes has grown the namespace has become more cluttered, a move to scoped names will allow for cleaner naming of nodes by service provides.

> Scoped names also allow for a developer to fork an abandoned node and publish a new version with the same pacakge name but within their scope. This makes it clearer to users where multiple pacakges exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scoped names also allow for a developer to fork an abandoned node and publish a new version with the same package name but within their scope. This makes it clearer to users where multiple packages exist.
```
